This is just a simple grammar for the unnamed language as specified in the CSC435 assignments.
For further information, see the pdf in this directory.

Note that in order to run this project, an out of date version of ANTLR (version 3.0.1) must be set on the class path.

To build the file:

`make`

To clean up the files generated by ANTLR:

`make clean`

To run the tests directly using a shell script, run the `tests.sh` file.

Otherwise, if shell scripts are unavailable for whatever reason (such as on the UVic servers), then run `tests.py` using Python.

The tests script automatically runs `make clean` and `make`, so there's no need to have everything pre-compiled for it. The class path must still be set correctly for it to work however.

If the grammar is working properly, then the tests in the accept folder should all be accepted by the grammar (no output generated by ANTLR) and type checker. Likewise, any tests in the reject folder should have some sort of output generated by either ANTLR or the type checker stating where the error was.

As a note to the markers, I modified test `wSt_3.2.2a_invalid`, as according to the rules defined in the type checker, this input should be acceptable. The rules in the type checker say that for a subtyping expression, that a subtype or the type itself may be assigned to a variable. In that case, when an int and a float are added in that expression, producing an expression of type float, then it should be perfectly acceptable to assign it to a variable of type float (t(float) = t(float)). So in my version of the test, now it tries to assign a float expression to an integer, which is not a valid operation for this type checker.

Also for bonus, my type checker accepts inputs with a subtype where integers are implicitly converted to floats (i.e. integers are a subtype of float).
